README.md, before:

## Kiwi Client Message Hide


TL;DR: Injects a script every time to hide the message element in the console when pressed ```Hide Messages```.

But just in case you have time to read the whole thing and are interested in how someone comes around to the idea of making a thing, then this is for you. 

Suppose, on a late night, you are talking about a radical idea on your computer. You wouldn't want anyone to just barge into your room and see what you are talking about on your computer, for example. Imagine yourself in the middle of a late-night study session for your upcoming examinations. While debating sophisticated subjects with your study group on Kiwi IRC, your younger brother interrupts you in your room, if you need another one to get convinced. Imagine it's a sunny Sunday; you just bathed and are sitting on a very clean mattress on your bed. You are talking to your boyfriend on the Kiwi IRC client, and voila, there comes someone snooping on you to see what you are doing. Would you hate it? Darn, I hate it too.  I'd start to rant about my aversion to certain conservative ideologies, but let's keep it for some other day. Now, I and you can talk to our respective  _*sweethearts*_ ,of course, if they exist. So, for all the times you are talking about something funny, interesting, or maybe something guilty to read—not to you or the one you are talking to, but to others—use this extension. It currently works just on the platform I wanted it to, but I am open to helping anyone wanting similar custom solutions for their favorite chat platform. Mail me at ```dharmiik at proton dot me```.

Conversations shouldn't be stopped. :)

Currently it's just a barebones extensions that has buttons, but it is too tedious to move the cursor to the extension list every time and press the button, so I will map it to a shortcut. Open to any more fun ideas.

Commit message:

made the shortcut ctrl+shift+2 work.

README.md, after:

## Kiwi Client Message Hide


TL;DR: Injects a script every time to hide the message element in the console when pressed ```Hide Messages```.

But just in case you have time to read the whole thing and are interested in how someone comes around to the idea of making a thing, then this is for you. 

Suppose, on a late night, you are talking about a radical idea on your computer. You wouldn't want anyone to just barge into your room and see what you are talking about on your computer, for example. Imagine yourself in the middle of a late-night study session for your upcoming examinations. While debating sophisticated subjects with your study group on Kiwi IRC, your younger brother interrupts you in your room, if you need another one to get convinced. Imagine it's a sunny Sunday; you just bathed and are sitting on a very clean mattress on your bed. You are talking to your boyfriend on the Kiwi IRC client, and voila, there comes someone snooping on you to see what you are doing. Would you hate it? Darn, I hate it too.  I'd start to rant about my aversion to certain conservative ideologies, but let's keep it for some other day. Now, I and you can talk to our respective  _*sweethearts*_ ,of course, if they exist. So, for all the times you are talking about something funny, interesting, or maybe something guilty to read—not to you or the one you are talking to, but to others—use this extension. It currently works just on the platform I wanted it to, but I am open to helping anyone wanting similar custom solutions for their favorite chat platform. Mail me at ```dharmiik at proton dot me```.

Conversations shouldn't be stopped. :)

~~Currently it's just a barebones extensions that has buttons, but it is too tedious to move the cursor to the extension list every time and press the button, so I will map it to a shortcut.~~ Pressing ```Ctrl + Shift + 2 ``` hides the messages on web.libera.chat.  Open to any more fun ideas.
